* TPO1 Speaking
	* Some people believe that television has had a positive influence on society. Others believe it has had a negative influence on society. Which do you agree with and why? Use details and examples to explain your opinion.
	* Ans: Generally speaking, I believe that TV has a positive influence on society because that's what I learned from my experience. Take me for example, I used to watch TV shows after school, from cartoons to entertainment shows. It helps me release my pressure, and forget the bad things that happened during the day. Sometimes, I also watch some channels like National Geographic. They show us amazing places around the world and teach us about wildlife and different cultures. So, I think watching TV is beneficial to all of us.
	* When I was a senior student, I was preparing for my college entrance exams, which were very important to me. I often felt stressed when I was at school, and I would always watch TV to help me relax.
* TPO2 Speaking
	* Some college students choose to take courses in a variety of subject areas in order to get a broad education. Others choose to focus on a single subject area in order to have a deeper understanding of that area. Which approach to course selection do you think is better for students and why?
	* Ans: I think students should study different subjects. Because it helps students broaden their horizons. For example, I majored in electrical engineering, but I took various courses outside my major field, like economics. It helps me cultivate diverse interests and know more about the world. Besides, I like to learn many things because I am curious about the unknown fields. So that's the reason why.
	* take many courses during my college, for example, literature. By learning the course, it helps me become a good writer afterwards.
* TPO3 Speaking
	* Some students prefer to work on class assignments by themselves. Others believe it is better to work in a group. Which do you prefer? Explain why.
	* Ans: I prefer to work on class assignments in a group. Because it helps me work more efficiently. For example, my friends and I completed the programming assignment last weekend together. When we work together, we help each other understand difficult concepts, and come up with more creative solutions. Besides, I think group work also teaches us how to communicate with others efficiently, and that's an important skill to learn. So that's the reason why.
	* brainstorming
*  TPO4 Speaking
	* Many universities now offer academic courses over the Internet. However, some people still prefer learning in traditional classrooms. Which do you think is better? Explain why.
	* I prefer learning in a classroom over learning online. Take me, for example. **During the pandemic, I often found myself getting distracted when sitting in front of the computer.** In contrast, traditional classrooms offer more interactions with classmates and teachers. We can discuss with each other face-to-face. Besides, if I have any questions in a classroom, I can simply raise my hand and ask them.
* TPO5 Speaking
	* Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Why or why not? Use details and examples to explain your answer. It is more important to study math or science than it is to study art or literature.